java c
Assignment Information
Module Name: Strategic Portfolio and Programme Management
Module Code: 7026SSL
Assignment Title: Portfolio Management Office at UCL Medical University
Assignment Due: 25/2/25 at 18:00 UK time
Assignment Credit: 5 credits
Word Count (or equivalent): 1000 words +/- 10%
Assignment Type: Standard
Percentage Grade (Applied Core Assessment). You will be provided with an overall grade between 0% and 100%. You have one opportunity to pass the assignment at or above 40%.
Assignment Task
This assignment   is an individual assignment, which   requires you to   prepare a   1000-word   report.
You   have   recently   been appointed to a   newly established   Portfolio   Management Office at University College London (UCL),   UCL Medical School, where your first assignment   is to   review the   University’s   portfolio of current and potential change   initiatives. A list   of these,   together with a   summary of University College   London (UCL), UCL   Medical School's   strategic   objectives   is provided   in Appendix A. at the end of this document.
Following the appropriate stages of the Portfolio   Definition Cycle, critically evaluate these change   initiatives. Your evaluation should   include:
•             Categorising each change initiative   according to which strategic objective(s) it supports.
•             Prioritising each change initiative according to its expected financial   return   (Net   Present   Value) and   its likelihood of success   (Risk).
•             Plotting the results of your analysis on a   Portfolio   Bubble   Map.
University College London (UCL),   UCL Medical School   has   insufficient   resources (funds and   staff) to   implement all the change   initiatives at the   present time.   Based on your evaluation, recommend which   FIVE change   initiatives   University College   London (UCL),   UCL Medical School should   pursue, justifying your choice through reference to   relevant   portfolio   management theory. Please see the Company Background   Supplemental document for   detailed information on the case study.
For more specific   information about the criteria   mentioned above, see the   standard   marking rubric.   It is   important that you read the detailed   rubric for this   CW1   before   you   start   to   design   it.
Source   Material:
The word count   is   1000 words.
•             The word count   is   1000   words   in   total   +/-   10%.
•             There will   be a   penalty of a deduction   of   10% of the   mark   (after   internal   moderation)   for work   which falls under or over   10% of the word   limit.
•             The word   limit does   not   include charts, figures, tables,   headings,   in-text   citations,   references   and   the   Appendix   (optional).
•             Ensure that all tables,   diagrams   and   models are   labelled,   include   a   citation   and   are   discussed   in the   text.
•             You   must state the   number of words used on   the   front   cover of   each   part   of   the   assignment.
This assessment   is categorised as AMBER for the use of AI.
You   may use AI for the following only:
•             Inspiration:   using AI tools to generate   research questions or topic.
•             Planning and   management:   using AI tools to suggest a title, structure, subheadings,   or themes,   to generate templates, to suggest   processes for task management, or to generate   prompts   to assist thinking through assessment structure or task   management.
•             Sources and data collection:   using AI tools to suggest sources.
•             Summarising and consolidating   notes:   using AI tools to summarise   notes or to consolidate   notes.
•          Translation:   using AI tools   to   translate   small   sections   of your written   or   recorded work   into   the   language(s)   used   in an assignment
•             Presentation: using AI tools to   present data   in an   accessible format   such   as   by   generating,   graphs, charts, tables, slides, images, wo代 写7026SSL Strategic Portfolio and Programme ManagementC/C++
代做程序编程语言rd-clouds, animations, or captions.
•             Checking: using AI tools to   proofread work.
Where   permitted, any assistance/content generated by AI   is   not your own work   and   must   be   acknowledged within your work (see submission   instructions below).   Failure to do so   is   academic   misconduct.
Submission Instructions:
Your assignment should   be   presented as a   report   ,   Important   points to   remember
•             All discussion and   recommendations should be supported   by   reference   to   academic   and   professional publications.
•             A   list of   references   must   be   included.
•             You   must ensure you are not   plagiarising   others   published works.
•             Appendices should only be used   to   support   information within the   report.
•             Formatting of submission should always   be   Microsoft Word   and   not   PDF.
You   need to acknowledge   how you have   used any AI tool by   inserting   a   table   as   per the   example   below   before your list of   references:
Tool                                                           How used in this assignment
e.g. ChatGPT-3.5                         Suggestions of topics
e.g. Microsoft Copilot           Consolidating notes
Etc.
CRITERIA
Criteria
1.                              Categorisation
2.                              NPV calculations
3.                              Prioritisation
4.                              Bubble Map
5.                              Recommendations
6.                            Evidence of reading,   use of resources and research
For more specific   information about the criteria   mentioned above, see the   attached   standard   marking   rubric.   It is   important that you read the detailed   rubric for this   CW   before you   start   to   design   it.
Instructions:
The assessment must   be submitted   by   18:00 (UK time) on the   given   date and   time.
•          Your   coursework will   be   given   a   zero   mark   if you   do   not submit   a   copy   through   Aula   platform.   Please take care to ensure that you have   fully   submitted   your work.
•             Please ensure that you   have submitted your work using the   correct file format,   unreadable   files will receive a   mark of zero. The   Faculty accepts   Microsoft Office documents,   unless   otherwise advised   by the   module   leader.
•          All work submitted   after the   submission   deadline   without   a   valid   and   approved   reason   (see   below) will   be given a   mark of   zero.
•          The   University wants you to do your best.   However we   know that   sometimes events   happen      which   mean that you can’t submit your coursework by the   deadline   –   these   events   should   be   beyond your control and   not easy to   predict.       If this   happens, you can apply for an extension      to your deadline for up to 5 working days,   or   if you   need   longer, you can   apply   for   a   deferral,   which takes you to the next assessment period   (for example,   to   the   resit   period following   the      main Assessment Boards). You   must apply before the deadline.
You will find   information about the   process and what   is or is   not   considered to   be   an   event   beyond   your   control   athttps://share.coventry.ac.uk/students/Registry/Pages/Deferrals-and-Extension.aspx
•             Students   MUST   keep a copy and/or an electronic file   of their assignment.
•             Checks will be   made on your work using anti-plagiarism software   and   approved   plagiarism   checking websites.
Development of Skills and Attributes
This   module aims to   prepare students in   portfolio and   programme      management techniques.   It will   develop the student’s understanding of a number of   portfolio   and   programme   management
Using a variety of teaching   methods, students will understand   different   portfolio and   programme   management techniques.
            
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
